Fix CLI client crash when a file is removed before we process the change notification (#14616)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

- Support `keyframes` in JS config file themes ([#14594](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14594))
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: The upgrade tool now automatically discovers your JavaScript config ([#14597](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14597))

### Fixed

- Don’t crash when scanning a candidate equal to the configured prefix ([#14588](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14588))
- Ensure there's always a space before `!important` when stringifying CSS ([#14611](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14611))
- Don't set `display: none` on elements that use `hidden="until-found"` ([#14631](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14631))
- Fix issue that could cause the CLI to crash when files are deleted while watching ([#14616](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14616))
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Ensure CSS before a layer stays unlayered when running codemods ([#14596](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14596))
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Resolve issues where some prefixed candidates were not properly migrated ([#14600](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14600))

> - _Upgrade (experimental)_: Ensure CSS before a layer stays unlayered when running codemods ([#14596](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14596))

Author: ```suggestion
```

- Don’t crash when scanning a candidate equal to the configured prefix ([#14588](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14588))
- Ensure there's always a space before `!important` when stringifying CSS ([#14611](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14611))

> - Fix an issue that could caused the postcss client to crash when files are deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix issue that could cause the CLI to crash when files are deleted while watching ([#14616](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14616))
```
